I'll make you a legend.
Blade Smith.
Beth Smith.
Beth, Beth, Beth Smith.
Okay, got it.
It's just such a plane.
I'm trying to come up with a mnemonic device.
You could connect it to not dying.
I know, I know.
You'd think that would sear it right in, but it just speaks to the sheer forgetability.
Oh, God.
I am so sorry.
Starts with a...
Congratulations to your government, business, or tariff sell on its acquisition of the NX-5
Planet Remover by Zamazaks in partnership with Wrangler Genes.
The NX-5's industry-leading tachyon beans eliminate planets twice as fast as the NX-4S with half
the battery and zero built-in fatal design flaws.
That's right.
No more secret hold that blows the whole thing up when you shoot it.
Your enemies will say it's unfair.
We say it's about time.
Damn it.
We risked our lives for that.
You did your best.
Maybe you need a break.
Don't you ever miss Earth?
I don't have to miss it.
I'm technically still there.
My dad made a perfect clone of me to take my place.
Boy, that Rick.
So if you do go back, what happens to the clone?
Does it have like a proximity triggered device in its neck?
Who cares?
Are we done?
Sure.
Unless you want me to remove the proximity triggered device from your neck.
Think it's a bomb?
Man, what if this is how you found out he never wanted you back?
That he loved the clone more than you?
How crazy would that be?
Crazy and of course soul crushing for you.
I actually have something for that.
You want some?
They're non-addictive.
That's not true.
They're totally addictive.
I'm a terrible doctor.
I actually have something for that too.
You want some?
Non-addictive.
Mmm.
I'm a great doctor.
Dr. Wong had a cancellation today.
Anybody up for a family session?
I can do that.
I'm not sure my therapy puppet will be done in time.
Alright, because she specifically asked you to stop bringing puppets.
Dad?
I love therapy.
Family therapy most of all, but I am actually disintegrating.
Oh my god!
Is that really it?
We did it?
The invisibility belt.
He grazed him.
That's going to hurt in like 10 seconds.
Thanks Morty.
Why should I let you use it?
You never let me use it.
Can I have the belt?
It would really piss off Morty.
Fantastic idea.
What the hell?
You jerk!
Give it!
Hey, ow!
What's with the invisibility?
Jerry?
Oh, this looks like a job for Mr. Nibbles.
Let me just glue one more eye on.
I'm going to kill you!
Oof, looks like you two have to fight about why you can't control your kids.
Good thing Dr. Wong's got an opening.
Bye.
You're a bad father.
Don't let him divide us.
Garage, family therapy mode.
Uh.
Honey, you're back.
You seem surprised.
You never wrote.
And never exploded?
What I'm hearing is that you think that's a bomb.
So it's every engineer that's seen it.
Engineer?
Princes, I'm sure every caveman that sees a microwave calls it a rock cabinet.
The point of inventing is to make things that don't exist.
Then put me up a reason not to kill you.
Dad, we're off to Dr. Wong's.
Scan her.
Dad?
Okay, have fun pumpkin.
Sorry, I'm a piece of sh** father.
Oh, well the self-loathing buys a lot back.
Jerry, leave the puppet.
It's a one-way ticket to a breakthrough, Beth.
The device in her neck would have transferred a database of her memories to your device
before vaporizing her.
So much for that plan.
Why is she it?
Why am I back with Jerry?
I thought she was a copy of me.
She is a copy of you.
If she ran back to that dingleberry, that's on you.
Want to grab a drink?
All the time.
Good girl.
Oh.
To catch a predator.
What the hell?
Thermal goggles, bitch.
Mom said share.
You can't share invisibility.
Take those off.
No.
So I'll just see you at cheerleader practice.
Should I bring a poncho?
All right.
State your terms.
Give back the belt.
You take the goggles.
Go away.
We trade in an hour.
Deal.
How do you like that, bitch?
I liked it more than my old belt.
Tiny big man, Junior.
You should have shared.
What are you doing in my house?
Did I wander that far from my console?
They should put a warning on these things.
So we overrode the gates and the slave rebellion took the capital.
Pretty cool.
Very cool.
My daughter.
Having space adventures.
They are skewing a tad Star Wars-y, though.
Don't forget to have fun.
Well, I came back to murder you, not get your notes,
but I'll remember to fart more while I'm saving the galaxy.
Okay.
I'm the one that made this possible.
It's not a competition.
Of course not.
Just curious though, if it were,
would most wanted be first place?
You're fighting the Gromflamite?
Dad, they're trying to take over the galaxy.
Everybody in the galaxy tries to take over the galaxy.
The trick is to be left alone by whoever succeeds.
It's your hero phase.
I had one, too.
You'll outgrow it.
No, you did.
I'm not going to outgrow giving a s***.
Sources tell us these aliens who call themselves the new Galactic Federation
will blow up the planet unless some woman with a very boring name
gives herself a...
Oh, come on.
...a way to give a s***.
Next time, don't wipe it on your home planet.
Oh, s***.
I'm going to track down Beth.
You mean Beth's clone?
Right.
Beth's clone.
What did I say?
It really was nice seeing you again.
Yeah, I got it.
Good practice, girls.
And remember, we are in a drought,
so be sure to shower as one big group at the exact same time.
Shower, fire, and showers on fire.
Step aside, girls.
I got this.
Oh, geez.
You're a monster.
Still want to share?
Lordy Smith, hands up.
You are under arrest for crimes against the new, improved Galactic Federation.
Wait, what?
How are you doing that?
You're not psychic, are you?
Do you have psychic powers?
Uh...
Yes.
Are they strong powers?
We're just looking for your mother.
You can't, like, stop our hearts, can you?
I can.
Okay, we surrender.
Jerry, do you agree that the use of puppets makes you seem dumb and crazy?
I don't think crazy is a responsible word to use in...
It is now.
This is crazy.
You're being crazy.
They do it in therapy on TV.
Well, TV gives British people prizes for baking, Jerry.
Tamia?
Tamia.
Hi, Mrs. Smith.
I like your hair better this way.
How's the stomach?
What?
Hey, I only said hey.
It's not like I can do more than that.
As much as I'd like to kill you, my superiors have some questions about the defiance.
I don't have it.
I have a defiance?
Oh, God, I'm a clone.
That's your defense?
No, my defense is eat me.
Hey!
We've been over this.
All I do is say hey!
Smart guns, whitelist human life, and the therapists.
Tammy, this is the office where my family works to better itself.
What, and that makes it sacred?
No, it makes it a place I've rigged with a lot of voice-activated escape contingencies.
These are all good points.
I need to take a long look at myself.
I'd like to discuss that.
I don't discuss problems.
I incinerate them.
Everybody in the car!
Everybody in my family, not the world.
Jesus Wong, boundaries.
I'm better than this job.
Can't you just make a portal?
Your children are down there invisible, Jerry.
Make a portal, father of the year back here.
You're one to talk.
You told me I wasn't a clone.
You're not a clone.
And who is that?
Uh, a clone?
Why would you make a clone of me just to send the clone into space?
Well, you didn't want to go, and I thought, okay, that's cool.
But then I thought, well, you know what would be even cooler?
Is a space daughter?
So I made one.
And I put a bomb in her neck in case she ever came back.
Father of the year!
She wasn't supposed to come back.
Why did she?
Well, she found a bomb in her neck, wouldn't you?
Father of the year.
Shut up!
I'm tired of believing you.
I want to talk to her.
No, you don't.
Jerry, do something!
Hey!
He told me you're the clone.
What do you think he told me?
You're the clone?
Wow, naive and attractive.
Wow, jaded and hot.
I know this is bad parenting,
but if you stop fighting, you both get McDonald's.
How about I just blow my brains out starting with hers?
Okay, Wendy's.
We love Wendy's.
I think they even gave us some money.
Drop it!
Get down!
Don't move!
Everybody, shut up!
You're all saying different sh**.
Wait, so there are two of them.
More importantly, which one is mine?
Neither, chauvinist.
Whatever, take them both.
Cool bean, but let's bargain.
I'm the one you really want.
Excuse me?
Smartest man in the universe.
Secret to interdimensional travel?
Ask your bosses.
My bosses are bugs, Rick.
You killed the old ones, the new ones are half my age.
They know if you're left alone, you're a non-threat.
Oof, ah.
We got the payload.
Fire up the NX-5.
Earth's going ta-ta.
You might want to do that thing where you find a new universe
where you can s**t yourself off.
Can't tell me what to do.
Awesome.
He resisted.
We can shoot him.
What?
Just go with it, Jerry.
Everybody, drop your guns.
Except for Jerry.
F**king classic.
Holy s**t, Morty.
In summer, we work together.
That's our arc.
We went from siblings to invisible to working together.
It's not citizen Kane, but why compete with whatever's going on?
You know?
You made me go to a wedding.
And you killed my best friend.
I should have said that one first.
Congratulations, Earth, on being destroyed by the NX-5,
brought to you by Rain Glurz.
Ah, ah.
I guess the galaxy's most wanted mammal needs her daddy to come change her diaper.
Come on, man.
You're gonna have to do that.
I guess the galaxy's most wanted mammal needs her daddy to come change her diaper.
Come on, kids.
We have to go do a f**king piece of s**t, Star Wars.
Attention, Zeta 99-2.
We know you have a stolen ship.
Stand down.
Oh, am I not a non-threat now?
Hey, you are not clear to land.
We will open fire.
Here's your ground, man.
You'll be heroes.
Summer, try unlocking that door by scanning your high school friend's dead face.
Uh, I have to pee.
Pee on the floor.
It's a Death Star.
Okay, but there's rebellion and then there's...
Here, Dad.
Perfect.
Ah, her eyes are closed.
Morty, open the left one.
I've got the right.
She died the way she lived, over serialized.
I'm gonna rescue your mom and her clone without revealing which is which.
You two find the NX-5 and shut it down.
I mean, don't die trying.
There's infinite Earths.
If you can save this one, it's gravy.
Stream team rides again.
Oh, yeah.
We're like Luke and Laia.
Uh, except no kissing part.
What's another famous brother-sister team?
The Hanzel and Gretel?
Yeah, right.
Those two were f**king.
Dad, we need the belts.
I can't go with you guys watching.
You're invisible.
What if the pee isn't?
You know what?
We don't need invisibility.
Working together is our belt.
That's our arc.
Let's do it.
I'm gonna go ahead and whistle.
That's how good I feel.
Oh, God.
I knew it.
Ugh.
This floor isn't level.
Are they gonna torture us?
Unless you plan on telling them what I know.
Last chance to guess who was the clone.
You're his daughter.
There's something about the eyes,
the shameless abandonment of your family.
However can I live with myself?
One theory, I was designed by your father
to live with myself,
which would mean you made a conscious choice
to swallow your dreams with cheap wine and dinosaur pasta.
You know that's the kind Jerry likes.
Same way I know the only goddamn dream you'll ever follow
is your shitty father's approval.
You've fetched your shitty father's lemonade.
You cosplay as your shitty father in his 30s.
Red alert, red alert, Rick Sanchez.
Ugh.
More like dead alert.
What else?
I wrote some stuff down on my notes app.
Let me just find it.
Screw it.
Beth, if one of you is still alive,
you're my real daughter.
If you're both alive, don't hurt the other one.
She's just a clone.
She's not worth it.
I'm coming, baby.
That piece of shit.
I came back to kill him, you know.
I'd like to help.
Kick me between my eyes.
From here?
Oh, you dropped yoga so you could bite Jerry,
more Flintstones by...
Ugh, I do not like the looks of this giant fight chamber.
Bird person?
It is now Phoenix person.
You're working for them?
What do they do to you, BP?
It is now Pee-Pee.
Where is Tammy?
Oh, don't worry about her.
I killed her.
I loved her.
Really?
Huh.
Then can I suggest as an alternate name,
crazy, f***ing whipped person?
Ah!
It's funny.
I always wondered who would win if we ever fought.
Then you were always a bad friend.
Where do you... we had one grenade.
He had a gun.
Whatever. Come on.
Did you hear something?
Doesn't matter.
If anyone's around, they're here to stop the laser,
and they can't do it without us seeing them.
Working together is our belt?
You gave it away!
You said we didn't need it.
I wish you were never born.
You were an accident!
How come some of the pants are...
The NX-5 can't destroy Wrangler jeans.
Like it literally can't destroy them,
or it's programmed not to?
Gee, what do you think?
You kill good bug for a horse doctor.
Thanks.
Me?
Maybe we could do like a parent trap thing together sometime.
As long as you mean the Lindsay Lohan version.
Let's try it.
What do you think they do with all those jeans?
Like them in the jackets?
It's not about conserving denim.
It's marketing.
It's about the money.
It's not about conserving denim.
It's marketing.
Like, uh, the NX-5 destroys the whole planet
except for the Wrangler jeans.
Cause they're so tough.
Tougher than the laser?
Stupid.
You're talking about it.
You're right.
They got me.
Hey, over here!
Look at me!
Did you just see a pantsless little boy run by?
I'm not falling for that again.
I used to be invisible, but now I'm the opposite.
Get him!
But not in a weird way.
You made it weird.
NX-5 corporate sponsor detected.
Cannot penetrate Wranglers.
Build too tough.
Build too...
Duh.
I killed him!
I did it.
I did it off-screen.
Damn it, Morty.
Fix your underwear.
I saw your balls for a second.
That's on you.
Why can't I meet your parents?
Are you embarrassed of me?
No, of them.
Aw.
No!
Never thought this was how I'd die.
We're nowhere near Venice,
and you're not a dwarf in a raincoat.
Step back!
You're not killing him till we kick his ass, bird person.
My name is Phoenix Person.
No one's calling you that, dumb.
It fascinates me that an entire family
can be this critical and suck this much.
Ah!
Bird person, stop.
It's me, that Tammy girl.
Tammy, this is unexpected.
I was told you were dead.
That is absolutely not true.
I'm more alive than I've ever been.
You are behaving rather strangely.
Me?
Strange?
Oh, my.
Well, who's normal?
Really?
Now come here, you big hollow bone feather head.
Let me give you some of this sweet ass.
Save the day with puppeting.
Only one with a decent arc.
He does have his moments.
Mom, Dad!
Mom, we did it.
Morty became super visible.
Summer put my jeans in a laser.
Morty, look at your little balls.
I know.
Bring it in here, guys.
Damn, this thing has twin turbines?
I'll forgive you for abandoning us if you let me drive it.
That works for me.
I was just going to give you space cigarettes.
I love having two moms.
And I love having two wives.
Never gonna happen, Jerry.
You jerk-offs ready to get the answers to your burning questions?
What's this, Dad?
The memory of which Beth is real and which Beth is a clone, obviously.
You mind blew yourself?
You literally don't even know which of your daughters is real.
Of course you don't.
Why am I surprised?
I'm sure you'd love for us to need that from you,
but I don't care what's in that vial.
Yeah, me neither.
You're a piece of s*** either way.
So what, after all this, you don't want to know the truth?
The truth is we have more important s*** to do,
like raise our kids and stamp out the Federation,
neither of which seem like they want anything to do with you.
Morty, Sump Sump,
you gotta at least want to know who your real mom is.
Not really, Rick.
We have two badass moms now.
That's kind of a win-win.
Yeah, Grandpa Rick.
Don't drag us into your bull s*** just because you're losing control.
I know what I want to do.
I want you to decide.
What?
For once in my life, I want you to decide, Dad.
Do you want me to stay here and be part of your life,
or do you want me to leave?
I know you tried, I know you tried your best
I know it's time you put the sword on us
Puff, Puff, big money, big money, eyes on the lady,
switch a room, which one's which?
You're moving the past and those days you see my...
Holy s***, I'm a terrible father.
At least I'm a pretty good friend.
Looks like it's just you and me, buddy.
We'll get it, alright?
We'll give you a little more time.
Thank you.
Good bye, old friend. We've had our fun, but I'm ready to be seen again.
What the f***? Oh my God, where did I go?
Oh, s*** skis.
Slow down, there's an invisible garbage truck in the road.
Yeah, right.
What's going on?
I'm going to get you.
I'm alive! I survived!
I mean, when in Rome?
Invisible garbage truck, Jerry. It's a new franchise.
Bitch, your job is to have intercourse with strangers and give me the money.
Sorry, I called you a bitch. It's a vocational term.
It's not how I feel about you personally.
What the f***?
Somebody call for a pickup. Let's go take out the trash.
Invisible garbage truck, Jerry. It's a new franchise. Until he runs out again.
Well, we had a good run.
Did you get any of that?
No.